<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <head>
        <title>Home Block</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        This and everything before will be ignored
        <ui:composition>

            <h:panelGroup styleClass="tabBlock">
                <h3>Notes for: 6/19/2013</h3>
                    Several new attendees were at this meeting.  Welcome to all!
                    <p>
                        It was decided that meetings should be every two weeks, for the time being.
                        The next meeting was pushed to July 10th at 11 AM Central time due to the 4th of July holiday.
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        <h3>Meeting Recap and Action Items</h3>

                        <p>The second meeting of the NTER Technical Users Group reviewed the topics from the kickoff meeting on May 29th.</p>

                        <p>
                            Source Code Respository summaries and discussion.  Three repositories had been reviewed 
                            for functions and features following the May 29 meeting.  After a discussion of the 
                            functions and features of GitHub, SourceForge and GoogleCode, it was decided that 
                            GitHub would most likely be selected as the repository for the NTER code, and 
                            SourceForge for wiki’s and support forums.  Links to these sites will be posted on the 
                            NTERcom.org website, which will be used as the hub for the NTER Technical User Group.
                        </p>

                        <p>
                            Other discussion points included the need to identify resources for the continued 
                            development and hosting of the open source community. Items included in this are 
                            identification of ownership for code issuance, tech support, hosting, etc.  In the 
                            interim, Rick Fincher will add a Liferay instance for the public-facing aspect of the 
                            open source site.
                        </p>

                        <p>
                            As the group continues to grow, it was noted that there will need to be sub-groups that 
                            gather to focus on their special interests: programmers, educators, system administrators,
                            students, with a cross-over group to ensure maximum efficacy across users and developers.
                        </p>

                        <p>
                            The need to better understand the various NTER projects currently underway by NTERcom 
                            member groups will be addressed by uploading a project summary into the NTERcom.org 
                            website.  Rick Fincher will add the text to the site, which will be supplied by each of 
                            the Project Managers for the various NTER projects (i.e. Dr. Berryman for IGEN)
                        </p>

                        <p>
                            Still to be determined is the date and participants for the government presentation by 
                            NTER users sometime in July.  
                        </p>
                        
                        <p>Future meetings will take place every two weeks on Wednesdays at 11am CT, and perhaps 
                            move to monthly once the sub-groups have been developed.
                        </p>

                    </p>
                    <p>
                        Action Items prior to the next meeting:
                        <ul>
                            <li>Rick Fincher will setup a code repository on GitHub,and Set up an NTER Project on SourceForge with Wiki, Blog, Trouble Ticket, and Discussion Forum capability.</li>
                            <li>Rick Fincher will add links to the web site to the GitHub and SourceForge tools.</li>
                            <li>Project Managers:  Those of you leading a NTER project are to supply a summary description of the focus of your project mission, and current broad status.  Rick will upload your text to the NTERcom.org site.</li>
                            <li>Wendy Keller will reach out to Sharon Leu regarding participation in the Group.</li>
                            <li>Dr. Berryman will reach out to Round 2 TAACCT grantees, when appropriate, to join the Group.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </p>
                    <hr />
                    <br />

                    <h3>Notes for: 5/29/2013</h3>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Thank you all for joining the kickoff
                        meeting for the NTER Technical Users Group.  The meeting highlighted
                        the need for a sharing of knowledge and technical information within
                        the NTER user community, and we are off to a solid start.  Each of
                        your contributions are valuable to the forward momentum of building
                        and expanding an open-source community that will create a scalable
                        and sustainable infrastructure for the NTER platform.  
                    </P>

                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">
                        Several members volunteered to look into code repositories and report back.  The repos discussed were Google Code, SourceForge, and GitHub.

                    </P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Other items of note that resulted from
                        the meeting include the need for:</P>
                    <UL>
                        <LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Course copying concerns</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Issues with working across various
                                LMSs'</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Video conversion enhancements
                                needed</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Disaster recovery process
                                enhancements</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Shared list of enhancements and
                                fixes (see below)</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Well-documented and public code
                                formats</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Development of best practices
                                (video how-to's)</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Open-source community branding and
                                marketing</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Getting started (with NTER)
                                materials for instructors</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Potential for 2-3 user groups
                                (technical, policy, other)</P>
                        </LI><LI><P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Participation in July(?) gov't
                                agency presentation</P></LI>
                    </UL>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR />
                    </P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in">Below is a list of features that we created specifically for our 
                        instance of NTER, with the assistance of SRI.  They do not include
                        the details and bugs that we had to fix and develop for these
                        features, thus it is a list of features from 30,000 feet. If
                        that level of detail is needed, the IGEN will try to put it together
                        or create a demo.</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in"><BR />
                    </P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff"><B>Features Added
                            for IGEN Instance of NTER</B></P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Left Navigation
                        Activity Bar</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Sorting Feature</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Big Blue Button
                        (live Seminar with recoding feature) Integration</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Gradebook</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Announcements
                        Pool/Tool - Create live announcements, email to students</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">New workflow for
                        students</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Ability to limit
                        developer to see test questions within Test Pools in a course</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Addition of the
                        Tiny MCE to all tools and NTER's text/media editor</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Integration of
                        HTML 5 Media player</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Better support for
                        YouTube Videos</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Back button</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff"></P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff"><B>Future Features</B></P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Import/Export/Copy
                        Course Tool</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff">Improve the Wiki
                        Tool</P>
                    <P STYLE="margin-bottom: 0in; background: #ffffff"></P>
                    
                    
            </h:panelGroup>

        </ui:composition>
        This and everything after will be ignored
    </body>
</html>
